hi my name is steph and I'm a tattoo TV
I'm kind of just interviewing artists
and people that are getting worked on
today are you getting worked on you are
what do you got huh what is that it was
done plenty of asian movies he was in
Kill Bill my already seen it liked it I
was like all right put o it on there did
you come yesterday as well yeah I also
got a tattoo yesterday what is it
sylvian GPS done by my artist over here
Hector is it so what exactly is that um
so Sylvia GPS a pretty nice sugar skull
piece came out for the tight work like
they was very fun to do yes that's great
that's good
well are you so is this the first
convention you've done or no it's
actually my third convention is my first
out of state convention I'm from Miami
so yeah this is your with marked for
life right Chico mark for life that's
our boss right behind you pretty cool
very excited guy so pretty excited being
here's my first time being in Texas so
I'm really enjoying it out here
hopefully I'll be back here more yeah
it's more stuff out here ok cool ok
we'll be back here together right
alright well I was really good talking
to you guys and have good luck with your
uh your piece my name is David David
where shop you work for she goes marked
for life and where's that located miami
florida miami florida so um is this the
first convention you've ever done no
what other locations have you done
convention I've done mostly Miami like
Deerfield Beach Florida a couple couple
conventions down there
like Deerfield be
I've always looked at it as I can
options I've always been into art are
chosen of a big fashion line
so I came in for a Piercy at the shop
when the next thing you know I got an
apprenticeship so you are the light
you're not a motorhome just a lot of
these are except institutions and
they're looking like it where art in
general de michael cera my work that
they wanted a two-part lot of another
glass hat with Rhys sort of knocked msg
art and there and other artists that are
out there first tattoo was a tiger on my
dad outsiders they get back the room
right next Robin Harding working do you
think that may be attached to you would
have put on for more by oxygen
personally I don't
I do a lot of religious tattoos I don't
do any dry statute that's just me that's
pretty much anything I wouldn't do much
talking you